hello
can we see me can we hear me
and then while that is kicking in
because we're at low latency but there's
still a little bit of a delay
i'm brittany this is lan jan and welcome
to gay watch where we watch gay things
we're reading more zouche volume three
this is the second session so we're
about 40 some odd pages in we're
actually right at part two of chapter
11. we were at a good
uh stopping point page 46 the top of
page 46
and um we'll get to the rest of the
intro spiel
um after i know for sure that i can be
both seen and heard i'm pretty confident
about the seeing it's the hearing that's
always
you know in question
yay
being seen and hurt is lovely even when
you have a problem with coughing
wonderful
so as we let any more people come in who
want to come in
um if this is your first time here
this is not um
any kind of audiobook or professional
reading experience i have not read this
book i have seen the untamed i have not
read motel zouche so this is kind of a
reading reaction sort of thing
and that's pretty much the vibe it's
very casual i make an absolute
accidental accidental and unintended
mockery of a lot of chinese
pronunciations
because i'm a filthy american and even
though i've you know tried to work on it
i it's
it's chinese man it's like the hardest
language for english speakers to get
their head around
pretty much i think it's this and like
basque or something crazy
um
but we uh we were just getting into
the cave
we were dealing with wen chow and his
absolutely infuriating ridiculousness
um we have now basically been stranded
and left uh to die
there are still you know a bunch of
people with us it's not just
uh wushan and wangji yet although
we know
that's coming
um
so very
very excited to see how the cave scene
was
fully rendered in the book i'm assuming
we're gonna get to that today because we
make pretty good progress
in these streams we go for about an hour
and a half there will be a break
about halfway through
so that i can stand up and stretch my my
my poor poor back
um but that'll only be about like 10
minutes
and uh let's see it's about 3 10.
[Music]
so it'll probably be
somewhere around 4 or like a little bit
before 4 when we take the break
but other than that hello
so many familiar names i saw
jamie said somewhere up there that this
is the first time in a long time since
she's made it to the start of one of
these streams
and that's absolutely lovely jamie are
you on are you on the discord if you're
on the discord what's your name
everybody has different names everywhere
although you may still go by
jamie
i'm basically hoping that you had better
luck uh tuning into the um
the streams over on discord
all right
so was there anything else in the
opening spiel that i missed
i don't believe so
and it's been
a couple minutes
so you're not on the discord jamie
surprising
you should be on the discord you would
fit in real well on the discord jamie
anyway we'll you know what i will i will
i will message you about that later um
so then let's see people have had a
chance to come on in
i
now that i know that i can be seen and
heard and all that jazz
need
to fix my screen to where i'm not
basically staring at myself the whole
time
but i can still see chat
so even though you know while i'm
reading
i can't really keep an eye on chat
because i'm 80d and if i tried to do
both at once it would all fall apart in
a real funny way
but i do go back and read your guys
comments um
after the stream ends so i will see it
just not at the exact moment that you
type it
oh oh
you missed the mic this is lanjan
this is lanjan isn't he beautiful
he is lovely and gorgeous hang on i have
his counterpart right here
uh weighing
weighing is is is right here
i found these where did i find these
i think they're on amazon
they're actually not that expensive i
think it was less than 20 bucks for the
both of them and they come with um
those uh
bamboo uh covers for the mug to help
keep them uh warmer longer
yeah one of the best one of the best
purchases i ever made two of my favorite
co-hosts right there
they are freaking gorgeous and they're
wonderful and i highly recommend them
all righty
top of page 46
hmm how do i wanna
trying to make sure that i get the mic
close enough
space that's such a good idea
tying a little red ribbon around wei
ying and a little blue one around ninja
you're a genius you're a genius
i believe
the wife
has ribbon around there somewhere i'll
see if she just so happens to have the
right shades and if not i will go out
and buy some ribbon that's an extremely
good idea thank you
thank thank why didn't i think of that
thank you
okay
top of page 46 part two of chapter 11.
that sounded like a non-sequitur but
weiwou shan immediately understood
there were maple leaves floating in the
waters of the black lake where the yao
beast was entrenched but there were no
maple trees inside or outside the cave
only banyan trees next to the cave's
opening there was also no trace of human
activity but the maple leaves in the
water were fresh and vivid as fire and
when they were hiking up the mountain
earlier they had seen maple leaves
carried by the current of a small stream
it was clicking for jan chung as well
there might be a tunnel at the bottom of
the lake that's connected to an outside
water source which is how the maple
leafs from the from the mountain streams
get in
someone timidly spoke up but how do we
know if the tunnel is big enough for
people to squeeze through what if it's
very small what if it's only a crack
and that yao beast is still guarding the
lake jinji jishwan frowned and refusing
to move
wade washington tugged open his collar
to fan non-stop at the inquiry under his
clothes injury inquiry
we have a sliver of hope so let's act on
it it's better than sitting around
waiting for mon paw to come rescue us so
what if it's guarding the lake lure it
out you know like you do
an hour later after much discussion the
group of disciples went farther back
into the cave once more they hid and
spied on the yao beast most of its
massive body was still submerged in the
black lake its long snake-like neck
emerged from its tortoise shell and
approached the shore it opened its mouth
and carefully snagged the corpses with
its fangs then withdrew its neck to drag
the bodies into the depths of its
fortress-like shell
it seemed it preferred to take its meals
indoors
we were shan threw a torch it smacked
against the corner of the cave
this movement was dramatically
amplified in the dead silence of the
underground
the head of the al beast immediately
jutted out of its shell once more its
pupils were slitted reflecting the
dancing flames of the torches it slowly
extended its neck toward it apparently
instinctively drawn to objects that give
off light and heat
behind it zhengchang doves soundlessly
into the water
the jane clan of yangmong lived by the
waters and their disciples were all
exceptional swimmers
the few ripples produced by the action
dispersed as soon as zhang chung went
under the group stared intently at the
surface of the water but glanced up at
the yao beast every so often the giant
bat the giant black snake head was
hesitantly circling the torch undecided
about whether to approach
the site made the youths increasingly
nervous
the yao bees finally decided to test
what the torch was made of it nudged its
nose closer which only resulted in it
getting licked by searing flames the
creature immediately snapped its head
back its neck back and blew two furious
streams of air from its nostrils which
extinguished the torch
right at that moment zhang chung
resurfaced from the water and drew in a
deep breath the yao beast sensed the
intrusion on its territory and swivelled
its head then twisted its body back
toward zhengchang
seeing things going awry weirshan bit
down on his finger then swiftly drew a
few sloppy characters on the center of
his palm
he rushed out of the tunnel and slapped
the ground the moment his palm left the
earth a column of flames taller than a
man surged from the ground
startled the yao beast gazed in his
direction and zhenchang took the chance
to swim ashore
there's a tunnel at the bottom of the
lake it's not small he said how small is
not small wait was shan asked five or
six people can get through it once zhang
chung exclaimed everyone listen here we
were saying shout out to the to the
crowd
follow right behind jiang chung into the
water and into the tunnel everyone who's
still in good shape take care of the
injured those who can swim take care of
those who can't five or six can go
through at a time so don't get pushy now
go
as he spoke the flame column gradually
died out weibucha retreated a dozen
steps back in a different direction then
struck the ground again to erupt another
column of fire
the giant golden eyes of the yao beast
glowed red from the flame's reflection
and burned with madness as it flexed its
claws
it dragged its mountainous body in
weiwou shan's direction
what are you doing jiangtang shouted
angrily what are you doing way we shan't
snap back take them and go
he had successfully lured the yao beast
onto shore when should they go if not
now jang trung clenched his teeth
everyone come over here jang chung
ordered those who can swim stand on the
left those who can't on the right
way shane was observing as the terrain
was observing the terrain as he fled
around setting off flames suddenly a
sharp pain stabbed through his arm he
looked down to see he had been shot by
an arrow
as it turned out the landset disciple
whom lan wangji had glared at earlier
had found a bow and arrow abandoned by
the winds and tried to shoot at the yao
beast
perhaps because of the beast's fearsome
savagery and agility the boy's hands
were panicked and unsteady and the shot
had flown astray and pierced way with
shan instead
weibuchan had no time to pull it out he
struck the ground again calling forth
another surge of flames back off don't
make more work for me
the sec disciple had wanted to fell the
owl beast with a single shot to its
vital spot in hopes of regaining some of
the face he'd lost earlier
who could have thought it would turn out
like this
his face flushed progressively paler as
he fled into the water
jing chung urged away wu shen
get over here hurry be right there weibo
shan said
because it's
not the untamed unless way wushan's
about to die or actually dead
zhang chung still had three disciples
with him who couldn't swim but they were
the last of the group they couldn't
delay any longer they had to dive now
we shan tore the arrow out of his arm
before it abruptly hit him oh no
the resulting smell of blood greatly
excited the yow beast
its neck suddenly grew in length and its
mouth gaped wide with fangs
before away wishing could think of what
to do he was shoved by someone and sent
tubbling
len wang ji had pushed him away the jaws
of the yao bees closed in on one smooth
motion on lan wong ji's right leg
just watching this happen we shan felt
pain spark in his own leg but langmung
she was shockingly still expressionless
all he did was slightly wrinkle his brow
but the yao beast immediately started
dragging him backward
[__] ow
judging by the creature's size and the
crushing power of its fangs it could
bite a person in half like it was
nothing at all
thankfully
thankfully it didn't seem to like eating
things that were broken into trunks
once it had caught its prey it was quite
adamant in dragging it back into its
shell to save her at its leisure
but if it only bit down a little harder
languanji's leg would snap right off its
tortoise shell was incomparably tough no
weapon could penetrate it once it took
lenwang ji in there he could forget
about coming back out weiwushan broke
into a mad dash and lunged before the
beast's head fully shrank back into the
shell managing to catch one of the fangs
in its upper jaw
ordinarily he wasn't anywhere near
strong enough to grapple with a monster
like this but with a life on the line a
horrifying and inhuman power surged
through him
okay i mean
it probably would have surged through
him
no matter who it was
but
we're shippers up in here so leave me
alone
pushing against the tortoise shell with
both feet he gripped that tooth firmly
and wedged himself there like a stopper
not allowing it to shrink back denying
it the chance to enjoy its delicious
meal
len wang ji who had never imagined way
wushan would catch up in such
circumstances was entirely dumbfounded
waywashen feared that if the yao beast
threw a fit it'd either eat them both
alive or tear land wang ji's leg off he
continued to grip the sharp upper tooth
with his right hand while his left
seized at a tooth in the beast's lower
jaw he then forced his arms in opposite
directions with all his might veins
bulged on his forehead practically
bursting on his bright red face
gradually the two rows of fangs clamped
onto land monkey's flesh were forced
apart
with the creatures fangs no longer able
to hold its prey in place lenwang ji
dropped into the lake waywuchen's
godlike strength abruptly vanished at
the site he released his grip unable to
hold on and the two rows of crooked
fangs snapped violently together with a
sound as deafening as the hardest of
stones colliding
wei wushan fell into the water next to
lan wang ji he flipped around scooped
lang wang ji close and then hauled them
both out of harm's way with one arm
swimming meters in a flash and leaving a
long beautiful wave behind them tumbling
onto shore he hauled lang 1g onto his
back and bolted
you led mangji blurted out
me way wishing confirmed surprise
what surprise
sprawled on waveshades back landmanji
had a rare and obvious disturbance in
his tone
let me down
within's mouth didn't take a break but
kept pace even as they ran for their
lives
wouldn't i look bad if i let you down
just because you asked
the roar of the yao beast behind them
reverberated painfully in their ears and
chests and they felt blood surging up
their throats
weirshan finally shut up and
concentrated on escape to prevent the
yawbeez from rampaging after them he
scurried through narrow holes and chose
paths its tortoise shell couldn't
squeeze into he lost track of time as he
ran holding his breath and didn't slow
his pace until he could no longer hear
the creature
wei washing relaxed and let himself slow
he smelled blood when he reached back
his right hand returned wet with it
oh no way we shouldn't thought lanjan's
injury is going to get even worse
figuring he'd run far enough that they'd
made it somewhere safe he hardly turned
around and set then when lenoirjee
gently on the ground
len wangji's leg had already been
injured when it was mauled by the yao
beast and then soaked in water
cave water no less like
large patches of blood stained his white
robes crimson and there were rows of
visible puncture holes from the fangs
he was unsteady barely able to stand the
moment whey wushan let go of him he
tumbled onto his backside
waywishan leaned down and checked him
over for a moment before straightening
up to search the underground cave
there were a few shrubs around and with
difficulty he found some thick and
straight branches
he used a corner of his clothing to
scrub the dirt off them and then
squatted in front of lan wong ji
you got any rope or string on you oh
your forehead ribbon looks like it'll do
the trick come come take it off
way washen didn't wait for lan wang ji
to respond before he swiftly reached out
and plucked said ribbon free
he flicked it out once then straightened
landmanji's disaster-prone leg before
firmly splinting the limb to the
branches using the ribbon like a bandage
to tie everything into place
so suddenly stripped of his forehead
ribbon by way we shan lan wang ji's eyes
widened
you
weibu chan's nimble hands had already
tied the knot he patted lang wenjing's
shoulder to console him
what about me let's not fuss about it at
a time like this as much as you like
that ribbon it's not as important as
your leg right
len 1g fell backward whether he lacked
the strength to sit upright or had been
simply angered into speechlessness
remained to be seen
oh
oh that's that's good tea
way wushan suddenly caught a faint whiff
of medicinal herbs
he fumbled a small perfume sachet out of
his own robes it was dripping wet its
tassels drooping an exquisite yet
pitiable sight he recalled myanmyon
saying it was filled with medicinal
herbs and immediately opened it to check
sure enough it was packed with half
dried partially crushed pieces of
medicinal herbs along with a few tiny
flowers
lantern len john he urged stop napping
get up for a minute i have a perfume
sachet here come and see if there are
any medicinal herbs we can use
way wishing yanked and pulled at
languanji
doggedly pestering him until he gave in
and feebly sat up
lenwangshi gave the contents a look to
his surprise he recognized several herbs
effective for stopping bleeding and
purging poison
as he picked them out way wishing
commented i didn't expect that girly's
perfume sachet to come in so handy i'll
have to thank her big time when we get
back
you mean harass her big time len wong ji
responded coldly
what are you saying way with scientists
it's not harassment when i do it it's
only harassment when it comes from
someone greasy like one chow
he is 16 anyhow
strip off your clothes
i see what you did there mxtx i [__]
see what you did there
it's not harassment when i do it it's
only harassment when it comes from
someone greasy like when chow wong ji
get naked
i see you i
[__] see you
lenwang she furrowed his brows slightly
what
what what strip way wushan repeated when
he said strip he meant strip
we wish then grabbed lagunji's collar
with both hands and yanked it open
peeling it off to expose his snow white
chest and shoulders
suddenly pinned to the ground and
forcibly stripped of his clothes lan
wang ji promptly turned green winging
what are you trying to do
way washing completely divested language
of his clothing and ripped the fabric
into strips this did not happen in the
show
this wasn't in the show
this um
this was avoided in the show
actually
i don't i'd remember
i'd remember seeing that
holy god
what am i trying to do there's only two
of us here now take a good hard look
what do you think i'm trying to do
god wushan
gonna make this boy think he's about
with that he stood up and tugged his
belt open revealing his own chest as if
to reciprocate
his collar bones were deep with smooth
contours although still an adolescent he
brimmed with vitality and strength
watching him land munchies face
cycled through a myriad of colors
from sickly pale to darkly flushed
he looked almost like he was about to
cough up blood
way wushan smiled and took a step closer
cornering him he removed his own
dripping wet outer row before lan wong
ji's eyes then lifted it with one hand
before releasing his grip the clothes
dropped wetly to the ground
weibuchan opened his arms in a strut in
a shrug
now that we're done with the robes it's
time for the pants
lenwang-ji wanted to stand up but his
leg was injured they just bought a
fierce battle and the fury boiling in
his skull addled his mind
the higher his anxiety peaked the less
he was able to stand he was completely
and utterly exhausted with such
agitation rattling his body he coughed
up a mouthful of blood
at this site weibushan immediately
crouched down and tapped several
acupoints on lan wang ji's chest
bare chest mind you
but chest
there now all that bad blood is out
you're welcome
having coughed up the purple black blood
lan wong ji immediately felt the
nauseating suffocating pain in his chest
with seed when he reflected on
weiwushan's actions it finally dawned on
him
after entering mount mushi way
washington had realized that lan wong ji
didn't look well there must have been
pent up chi in his chest and so weiwu
shan had deliberately terrorized him
riling him into coughing up the blood
he'd been holding back
although lan wong ji knew he'd acted
with good intentions he still seemed a
bit peeve
can you not play such pranks again
bottling up things like that in your
heart is bad for your health weiwu shan
argued back
bottling up things like that in your
heart
is bad for your health
wei wushan argued back
but they're easily expelled with a scare
don't worry i'm not into guys
oh baby
oh sweetie sugar honey
have you got a big storm coming
i won't take this chance to try anything
with you
frivolous lan wang ji exclaimed
way wushan who had noticed long ago that
lan wang ji had quite the temper today
didn't bother to argue further
fine fine so be it he waved dismissively
i'm frivolous i'm the most frivolous of
all
as he spoke chile underground air crept
up along his spine giving him a fit of
shivers
he quickly rose to his feet and went
around collecting withered twigs and
dead leaves then redrew a fire spell on
his palm
the pile of withered branches crackled
the light occasionally sparking off
embers way wuchan crushed up the
medicinal herbs he'd picked out earlier
and then ripped open the leg of
landman's used trousers to sprinkle the
herbs evenly over the three hideous
barely clotted black holes
suddenly lan wong ji reached out and
stopped way we shan mid action what's
wrong weibushan asked without a word lan
wong ji took a portion of the crushed
herbs from weiwi shen's palm
and pressed them on weiwoshin's chest
uh-huh
ah way bushing cried out his body shook
and trembled at the sudden pressure he'd
completely forgotten that he also had a
fresh wound the burn from the branding
iron it was still bleeding and had also
been soaked in water
len wang ji would through his hand
where shen picked off the bits of herbs
from the wound hissing a few times as he
did and then threw them back onto lan
wong ji's leg these
idiots
these fools these other queer morons
don't worry about it i get hurt all the
time but that doesn't stop me from
playing in the lotus lake water right
after i'm used to it a tiny perfume
sachet like this can't hold much there's
not enough herbs to go around and the
way i see it those three holes of yours
need the more ah
len wangji's face was grim
moments later he said since you know
such pain do not act so recklessly next
time
i didn't have a choice did i wayway
shane responded you think i wanted to
get scorched who knew when zhao was so
vicious
she almost got that iron in myanman's
eye man man's a girl and a pretty one to
boot how terrible would it be if she was
blind in one eye or branded with a mark
like that for life
that mark is on your body for life lan
wang ji said in a thin voice
hmm
that's different it's not like it's on
my face way we shan't explain besides
i'm a man what's there to be afraid of
what man doesn't get hurt and earn a few
scars in his life
still bare chested he squatted on the
ground and picked up a branch to poke at
the fire to stoke it besides if you look
at it from another perspective even
though this mark is here to stay it
represents the fact that i once
protected a girl and that girl will
definitely remember me now she'll never
forget me for the rest of her life now
that i think about it it's actually
quite when she shoved him hard suddenly
furious
so you are aware that she will never
forget you for the rest of her life
his shove happened to lance smack dab on
weiwu shan's chest wound clutching his
heart waywurshan shouted as he fell back
on his buttocks
langen
the pain was so intense it made him
break out in a cold sweat
groaning he craned his neck up lanjan
you what great grudge do you have
against me
you're treating me like i killed your
father hang on there's a there's a
note here about great grudge which is
capitalized
um
refers to the four great grudges slash
hatreds of ancient times the great
grudges are murder of one's father not
by patricide robbery of one's wife
annihilation of one's country and
slaughter of one's clan
a son will not have fulfilled his proper
duty until the wrong is avenged even at
the cost of his life
that's a book right there
that's a whole ass book right there what
the hell
len wong ji clenched his fists a moment
later he relaxed looking like he wanted
to help ushan up but
shannon sat up by himself and shrank
back dodging him repeatedly okay okay i
know you don't like me so i'll sit
further away don't come over and don't
push me again it hurts like hell
the wound was on his left side and it
hurt when he lifted that arm way rochan
scurried away and collected the white
robe that he said he'd torn into strips
earlier then tossed the strips to lan
wong ji from afar with his right hand
banded yourself i'm gonna stay here
he hung the outer rope he'd take it off
by the fire to dry neither of them spoke
for a long time as their clothes dried
it was of course waywa shan who opened
the lines of communication again
lan jan you're so weird today so rough
you're not speaking like you normally do
either
do not flirt with others when you have
no deeper intent
lan wang ji stated
you do as you please and throw their
hearts
into turmoil
it's not like you're the one i'm
flirting with
wavy shan said
you're the last person i'd expect to be
thrown into turmoil unless
unless what lang wang ji snapped
unless lanjen
you like
myanman
talking about moments that never get
[__] old
i ju this never it you just i you can't
you never get over this freaking moment
this moment is so
disaster by oblivious
and so amazing and so amazingly
frustrating you cannot
ever
get used to it
jesus
god
where was shane
the bumper
the barbarian speaks of the eight paths
len wangji said coldly after a brief
pause
there is also a note about the
barbarians
the barbarian speaks of the eight paths
of dao
is an idiom used to accuse someone of
speaking nonsense
i'm surprised he doesn't say that to him
more often
although that's pretty hilarious
hey you like a girl
you like a girl you are talking absolute
nonsense
please pan wong ji
into a woman
no
well
i'll ramble on about nine then way we
shan quipped
is making snappy comebacks fun lan wang
ji question
very and i'm not just fast with my mouth
i've got slick moves too
len wong she muttered to himself why am
i here talking nonsense with you
because you have a big gay crush
wang
i really hate to break it to you and we
all know you hate to break it to
yourself but boy
you got a bad
without lan wong ji realizing it weibu
shan had scooted over to sit beside him
again heedless of any consequences of
his chatter
because it can't be helped we're the
only two unfortunate souls left in this
place right if not me who else are you
going to talk nonsense with
len mangji shot a look at way we shan
someone who never learned his lesson
someone who forgot all about pain once
the wound had healed
oh
ow hang on you could apply that to
anyway
oh
wait we shan feels out of nowhere wade
washington was about to give him a
cheeky grin when he suddenly saw lan
wang ji lower his head
way wishing let out a horrible scream
stop stop stop stop stop
lenwang ji had buried his face deep in
the crook of wae wu shen's arm and
latched onto it with his teeth not only
did he not stop when way wushan started
screaming keep it down even harder are
you letting go or not way washand
shrieked i'm gonna kick you don't think
i won't kick you just because you're
injured
stop it stop biting i'll get lost i'll
beat it i'll go i'll go i'll go i'll
just let go i'll get lost
lanjan you've gone mad today you're a
dog a dog stop biting me
once lang wangju was finally done losing
his mind
and had had his fill of biting
i mean
i don't know i haven't finished the book
yet
wade shan sprang to his feet and
scrambled to the other side of the
underground cave don't you follow me
boys
lenwaishi slowly straightened up and
rose to his feet he fixed his clothes
and hair his eyes were downcast and he
said nothing looking as calm as could be
like the person who'd just been scolding
shoving and biting with someone else
entirely
where shane stared at the teeth marks on
his arm still badly shaken he crouched
down and shrank back into a corner where
he continued to poke at the firewood
he couldn't make heads or tails of what
was happening what is up with lanjan he
might have saved me but i technically
saved him too right not that i need him
to thank me or anything but why can't we
be friends even when things are like
this
or am i
really as annoying as jang chung said
reflection
self-reflection
that's a big deal for a 16 year old
especially one
like where we shan
he was still doubting himself when lan
wang ji suddenly spoke
thank you
thinking he'd misheard we rushen glanced
at lan wong ji
then wang ji was looking at him as well
thank you he repeated solemnly
seeing him slightly lower his head wei
wuchan feared he was going to do a full
bow of gratitude he hardly moved aside
let's drop the formalities i have this
problem where i absolutely can't stand
to hear others thanking me especially
people like you who do it all formally
like that it gives me the creeps i'm
getting goosebumps don't even bother
with the bow
you are overthinking it lan wang ji
cooley replied
even if i wish to bow to you i cannot
move
it seemed he'd returned to normal
he'd even thanked him twice way washand
in his delight unconsciously wanted to
scoot over again
he loved to get up close and personal
with people nuzzling and rubbing on them
but the slight stab of pain from the
teeth marks on his arm reminded him that
lanjan had lost his mind earlier and
there just might be a repeat performance
so he quickly restrained himself
wei wushan is just a tactile cuddly
[__]
it is in print it is in black and
[__] white
he's a physical tactile touchy little
[__]
oh
my god
said outright
he stared at the dark ceiling of the
cave and mused aloud with a serious
expression
jang chung and the others got out
getting down the mountain takes a day or
two and once they reach its base they'll
definitely return to their homes rather
than reporting back to the wends
but their swords have been confiscated
so who knows how long it'll take for
them to find help
seems to me will be underground for some
time i'll have to figure out a way to
solve some lingering issues
he brought he paused briefly before
continuing
the good news is the monster keeps to
that black lake and doesn't chase after
us but that's also bad news if he keeps
hogging the lake we can't get through
that tunnel at the bottom
perhaps it is not a monster lan wangjii
said consider what does it resemble
a tortoise there is a divine creature
with such a form
oh
this creature's name
the divine beast
schwann
woo shawn wu
also known as schwandming
was a chimeric tortoise snake
as a water deity it dwelled in the north
sea the underworld also lay in the north
and for that reason it was the deity of
the north
lenwang she nodded and wei wushan
flashed his teeth to demonstrate
that thing in there has a mouthful of
things like this it even dines on human
flesh isn't that far too different from
the myths
it is not a true divine beast naturally
lan wang ji stated instead it is a
creature that failed to achieve divinity
and devolved into a yao
in other words it is a malformed divine
beast
you know
when you've been a fan of the show for
two years
and you only just now realize
the [__] metaphor
of the entire tortoise thing
of the tortoise
we're experiencing that now
dear god
realization made me lose my place
there we are
malformed weiwu shan parrotted
i have read records of it in ancient
texts lan wong ji began to explain
four centuries ago a false shren wu
appeared in shishen and went on a
rampage
it was massive and hungered for the
flesh of living humans a cultivator
deemed it the schwann woo
of slaughter
hey there it is tortoise of slaughter
also i think that's the most words
wongji has said at one time so far
those that was like multiple sentences i
think that was like three sentences full
so when chao brought us here to hunt
this 400 year old shron wu of slaughter
way wushan wondered
it is more massive than recorded in the
ancient texts but it must be
it's been 400 years so it probably grew
a little was the schwein who have
slaughtered not slain back then
no lenwengshi replied a group of
cultivators formed an alliance in
preparation to slay it that winter there
was a heavy snowfall and the cold was
uncommonly bitter the shrine rule of
slaughter vanished and has not appeared
since
it went into hibernation where shan
paused briefly
but even then it didn't need to sleep
for 400 years right you said the thing
loved eating humans how many did it
devour
as recorded in the books each time it
appeared it would consume anywhere
between a few hundred people to entire
cities and villages lan wong ji answered
over the course of its rampaging more
than five thousand were devoured in
total
oh so it just stuffed itself and went
into a food coma way wishing concluded
the albie seemed to enjoy dragging
corpses back into its shell though it
was hard to tell whether it was
stockpiling food or just wanted to savor
them slowly perhaps it didn't amass too
much food in its shell all at once for
centuries ago and had yet to digest all
of it
lenwang ji ignored him but wei wushan
continued
speaking of food have you done
here's that word again inedia anita
that's what i forgot to look up last
time cultivators like us can go around
three or four days without eating or
drinking but if no one comes to our
rescue in a few days we'll start getting
weaker it'll drain our physical strength
energy and spiritual power
if when chow and his people stood by and
did nothing after their escape it
wouldn't be all that bad the other
families might bring reinforcements in a
few days time the real danger was when's
refusing to provide timely aid or worse
hitting them when they were down
the other families who might come to
their rescue were really only the land
clan of gusu and the zheng clan of
yangmang and if the ones decided to
obstruct them then those few days would
likely double
wheelchair retrieved a branch and
sketched a rough map on the ground then
connected a few lines on it
matamushi is a little closer to guzu
than it is to young monk so your family
should arrive first
let's just wait even if they don't come
zhang chung would should be able to get
to lotus peer in a couple of days at
most he's a smart cookie the winds won't
be able to stop him there's nothing to
worry about
then wong ji lowered his eyes and spoke
softly looking one
they will not come
the cloud recesses has been burned to
the ground
but everyone's still alive right way we
shan tentatively asked
your uncle your brother
even if the head of the land family lan
wang ji's father chiang han joon
oh that just came right out my mouth did
you hear that
that wasn't half bad probably still
wrong somehow but that wasn't half bad
sorry congratulating myself
was severely injured wayward shan had
had assumed that they still had lan
chuan and lan chichen to hold down the
fort
however lan wong ji answered woodenly
father is nearly gone
and
here to humble me
father is nearly gone and shangjing is
missing
yeah maybe okay
the branch wei wushan was using to
scribble on the ground stalled mid
action
that other disciple had mentioned the
head of the land clan was severely
injured while they were heading up the
mountain but weiwu shan had never
expected it to be so serious that he was
nearly gone
maybe lanwangshi had only just received
the news that his father was dying
although the head of the land clan
cultivated in seclusion year round and
paid no heed to outside affairs he was
still lan wang zhi's father and on top
of that lan chu chen was missing too no
wonder lan wangji was particularly
gloomy and hot tempered
all at once wayward shan felt a little
awkward not knowing what comfort he
could offer
when he absentmindedly turned his head
to glance over his entire body froze
the fire light reflecting off lan wang
ji's face made his skin look like warm
jade
it also clearly illuminated the single
streak of tears on his cheek
i mean first of all gay second of all
heartbreaking so now we have
heartbreakingly gay
or gay and heartbreaking
it's sad and queer okay
way way shan was shocked dumb for a
second then thought aw crap
people like lan wong ji probably only
shed tears a few times over the course
of their lives and weiwi shen just had
to be here for one of those times
he couldn't bear to see anyone cry if he
came upon a woman crying he felt
compelled to comfort and tease her until
she broke into a smile
a man's tears made him even more
uncomfortable in waywishan's opinion
stumbling upon a usually strong man in
the act of crying was far more
terrifying than stumbling upon a chaste
girl in the middle of a bath
and he couldn't even go over and comfort
him
lan wangji had suffered so many blows
his home burned to ash his entire clan
persecuted his father on death's door
his elder brother missing
and lan wong shi himself being wounded
any attempts at comfort would be useless
well not like any attempts at comfort
but you all ain't there yet
wei wushan didn't know what to do with
himself so he turned his head away
after a while he tried to speak
um
langen
shut up the munchies snapped frostily
way wushan shut up
the firework crackled
waiting
len wangju said quietly
you really are such a loathsome person
oh
way wooshan said
with so much going on lan jen must be
stressed as hell and yet here i am
prancing around in front of him no
wonder he's angry drained of his
strength and with that injured leg he
couldn't hit me so he bit me instead
i think i'd best give him some space
some peace and quiet
after holding himself back for a while
he went ahead and said
not trying to annoy you but are you cold
the clothes are dry now you can have the
inner robe and i'll keep the outer one
the inner robe was his undergarment
which wouldn't normally have been
appropriate for lang wangju to wear
but his outer robe was filthy
the lang clan of gusu were obsessed with
cleanliness and it seemed even more
offensive to give such a garment to lan
wang ji
lenwengshi didn't respond nor did he
look at him
pardon
damn sneezes knocking me off the dam
lan wang ji didn't respond nor did he
look at him weibuchan tossed the dry
white in a robe to him and draped the
outer robe around himself before
silently making himself scarce to give
lan wangji space
they waited for three days
it is 3 54. so this is where we're going
to take
our break
uh we are at where the hell are we
we are towards the bottom of page 64.
and
i
remembered the lovely bookmark that was
gifted to me by a patron
uh this time so
marking it
and um i will be back in just like 10
minutes to uh you know make sure that my
back isn't going to fully revolt in the
next half hour
um
so let's see 355 will be back around 405
yeah
and um
uh
yeah back in 10 back in 10 for the rest
of the cave scene i'm so excited
hello for part two
huh
i went and i'm getting low on t so
wei ying is sitting here
in the back ready to pinch hit
should i run out
it wouldn't be the biggest of deals
except with my throat being what it is
if i don't constantly have a drink
within reach
i start to
panic
and when you're trying to read a book to
a bunch of people
it that
then it gets worse
so
hello
yeah i understand jamie had to leave
rest you're here hey rest
uh jamie had to leave but we gained uh
lily i think
lisa we gained elisa
pardon me
uh we are
[Music]
towards the bottom of page 64.
and
there we go
now i can't see myself but i can see the
chat so
continuing on
after waiting for three days
there was neither day nor night in the
cave
the only reason they knew it was three
days was because of that infuriating
land eternal internal clock allowing one
to mark the time by their sleeping and
waking
one only had to count how many times lan
wang ji slept to determine the passing
hours
having been finally allowed three days
of rest to conserve energy and strength
the wound on lan wong ji's leg was
slowly healing not worsening
with this improvement he was able to
move himself into a lotus position to
meditate and cultivate in silence
weiwushan made himself scarce over those
three days it was only when lan wong ji
regained his calm and remastered his
emotions turning back into the
unflappable expressionless lan jan he
knew that he began to act like nothing
had happened
he shamelessly pretended not to have
seen or heard anything that night and no
longer teased him for his own amusement
knowing not to go too far their
interactions were lukewarm but peaceful
they both scattered around the black
lake a number of times by now the
schwann rule of slaughter was done
grabbing all the corpses with its mouth
and stashing them one by one in its
shell
the colossal pitch black shell floated
on the water's surface like a giant
indestructible warship
the first few times they ventured near
they heard the sound of loud chewing
coming from within oh
later the noise vanished and was
replaced by what seemed to be thunderous
snores
the two initially wondered whether it
was feasible to sneak underwater to
search for the tunnel through which they
could escape while the yao beast was
asleep but they could only search for an
ins
they could only search for an incense
time at most before the beast detected
their movements
although they made a few attempts they
never found the tunnel zhang chung
mentioned weibuchan suspected it might
now be blocked by the yao beast
he tried to lure it out of the water
again but the monster seemed to have
grown tired of all the commotion and
didn't stir
they collected the arrows the longbows
and the branding irons scattered all
over the banks and carried them back to
count there were over 100 arrows more
than 30 longbows and a dozen branding
irons by then it was already the fourth
day
lan wong xi picked up a longbow and
examined its material with wrapped
attention he plucked with the bowstring
unleashing a powerful resounding
metallic sound
this was a variety of bow and arrow used
by cultivation clans to hunt nefarious
creatures and the materials used to
forge them were of extraordinary quality
lenwangshi removed the
bowstrings from all the bows and tied
them together he used both hands to
stretch this single long bowstring taut
and whipped it through the air the
bowstring shot out like lightning and a
flash of bright light streaked forth
a rock 10 meters away
shattered into pieces
hot i'm i'm just i'm just gonna
i'm just gonna say what we're all
thinking
len monkey retracted the bowstring and
it whistled sharply as it cut through
the air
the killing cord way washan asked
the killing cord was the secret
technique belonging to the land clan of
gusu created and passed down by lanye
the third generation family head and
granddaughter of the clan's founding
father lan anne
lanie was also the only female family
head of the land clan of gusu she
cultivated with the gucci
which had seven strings that could be
instantly disassembled and joined
together the seven strings arranged from
thickest to thinnest could play
immaculate melodies under her soft snow
white fingers one moment and transform
into a lethal weapon the next slicing
through bones and flesh like mud
lenny originally created this skill to
assassinate dissidents which earned her
quite a bit of criticism
the land claim of gusu was itself
ambivalent about the technique but it
was undeniable that the killing cord
an amazing name for a band by the way
was the most destructive of their secret
techniques and one that was suited for
use in both long range and close combat
breach from within lan wang-ji stated
with a shell as solid as a fortress and
incomparably tough skin the yao beast
seemed impenetrable but with such outer
defenses there was a high chance that
the parts of its body hidden within its
shell were vulnerable the same thought
had crossed way wishan's mind over the
past few days so he knew exactly what
lan wong zhu was talking about what he
was even clearer about was their present
situation after three days of
recuperation their strength was now at
its peak but if they were to wait any
longer this optimal state would begin to
deteriorate
furthermore the fourth day had passed
and rescues still had not come
rather than resign themselves to their
fates and wait for death they might as
well fight with all they had if both of
them could join forces and slay the
schwann rule of slaughter they could
escape through the tunnel at the bottom
of the black lake all you need is a
little queer teamwork that's that's all
i'm saying
just a little queer teamwork
can just go places you could never
imagine right
i concur breach from within
way washan said
but i've heard about your family's
killing cord the shell's interior is a
confined space not a venue conducive to
using that skill to its full effect plus
the wound on your leg still hasn't
healed wouldn't it be hard to make this
work
this was the truth and lan wong ji
understood they both knew that forcing
themselves to do what they were
incapable of doing would only drag the
other down
see teamwork i'm fine
follow my lead weiwoshan said
a little less than half the schwein wu
slaughter shell was still floating above
the surface of the black lake its four
limbs its head and its tail had all
shrunk back into the shell
there was a large hole in front and five
small holes on its left right and back
it looked like an isolated islet a small
mountain its body pitch black and uneven
covered with moss and long hanging
strands
of dark algae
carrying a bundle of arrows and branding
irons on his back weiwu shan soundlessly
dove into the water like a slender
minnow swimming to the front of the
shell where the shrine was slaughter's
head would be almost half the opening
was submerged in the water of the black
lake so way we shin followed the current
and swam inside
after passing through he hopped into the
shell's interior and set both feet on
solid ground
it felt like he had stepped onto thick
rotten waterlogged mud the acrid smell
was so overwhelming it almost forced a
curse from his mouth
the foul stench was rancid and cloyingly
fishy
it reminded wei wuchan of a fat dead rat
he'd once seen by a lake and young mung
pinching his nose he thought what an
awful place thank goodness i didn't let
lanjan come in here he would have puked
on the spot at the stench with that
sheltered life of his and even if he
didn't puke he would have fainted for
sure
the shrine move of slaughter snored
softly wade shan held his breath as he
walked soundlessly the soles of his
boots sinking deeper and deeper three
steps later the sludge had already risen
above his knees
there seemed to be some hard lumps in
the swamp
wait was shan stooped a little groped
around
and unexpectedly touched something hairy
it felt like human hair
he withdrew his hand that was surely one
of the people the schweinmu of slaughter
had dragged in
he felt around some more why would you
and found a boot with half a leg inside
rotted to the point it was half flesh
and bone
this yow beast clearly wasn't a big fan
of cleanliness
any leftovers or parts it didn't care to
finish would fall through the gaps
between its teeth and rot inside the
shell
over the centuries it had all congealed
into a thick sludge
oh god
soylent green is people oh man
oh
way way shane was standing in a mire of
death made of broken corpse limbs hey
good times
having crawled fumbled and tumbled all
around over the past few days he was
already unbearably filthy
he couldn't have cared less about
getting a bit messier
offhandedly wiping his hands on his
trousers he continued onward the yao
beast's snores increased in volume and
the blast of air grew heavier even the
mire of corpses beneath his feet was
getting progressively thicker
at last his hand lightly touched the
uneven skin of the owl beast following
the skin he slowly felt his way inside
as expected the head and neck were
covered with scales further down the
neck was tough bumpy skin even further
beyond that the skin through grew
thinner and more fragile
by now the mire of corpses had reached
weiwoushan's waist
the majority of the corpses here had not
been fully eaten and the remaining parts
were in bigger chunks no longer a mire
but a mound
thanks for that mental image mxtx
waywashan reached behind his back to
retrieve the arrows and branding ires
only to realize that the rods were
caught on something
he gripped the shafts and yanked hard
before he managed to get them loose in
the process the front end of one of the
branding irons pried something out of
the fleshy corpse mount
there's a phrase you like to read
and it made a muffled clank as it fell
oh god here we go
i have such a love-hate relationship
with this
way we shan instantly stilled
when there was no movement around him
and the yao beast didn't lash out way
washan's
soundlessly heaved a sigh of relief
one of the branding irons got stuck on
something based on the sound it was
metal and long let's see if it's
anything useful i'm short on weapons so
it'd be awesome if it's a top grade
spiritual sword
i hate her okay
i [__]
hate her
i just
i loathe her
so much
he reached out and touched the object
that had fallen it was long and blunt
and rust crawled along its surface
the instant he grasped it
screams filled his ears
it sounded like thousands upon thousands
of people wailing in despair
in a split second a chill shot up his
arm and traveled through the rest of his
body weiwushan jolted and jerked his
hand back
oh
art
great
what the heck is this what strong
resentment
just then his surroundings suddenly lit
up a faint red
a faint oh sorry the way that the word
was broken up looked real weird
a faint reddish yellow glow cast
wushan's shadow and illuminated the
pitch black iron sword in front of him
the sword was thrust at an oblique angle
into his shadow embedded right where his
heart would be
but this was inside the shell of the
schwann woo of slaughter how was there
light
way we shan whirled around as he
expected a pair of large golden eyes
were only a stone's throw away from him
[__] creepy it was then that he
realized those muffled thunderous snores
had gone silent and the faint reddish
yellow glow was coming from the eyes
of the shanwu of slaughter he really
failed that perception check jesus
christ
the shrine move of slaughter buried its
snaggled black and yellow fangs and
roared
wade wishand standing right in front of
its mouth was assailed head-on by the
acoustic power of that roar it hit him
with such force that his eardrums almost
ruptured and his entire body cried out
in pain
seeing those gaping jaws coming for him
he hastily shoved the bundle of branding
ires into its mouth the timing and
position were perfect he wedged them
between the yao beast's upper and lower
jaw not a second late or an inch short
now that the yao beast couldn't close
its mouth huevushen stabbed a bundle of
arrows into the thinnest and weakest
part of its skin
although the arrows were slim he bundled
five a piece into one he stabbed them so
deep into the yao beast's flesh that
even the fletching was buried
it was like he pierced it with a
poisoned needle wracked by the intense
pain the schwannoma slaughter clamped
down so hard on the braining irons
holding its mouth open that they bent
folding into curled hooks
here's the art by the way hang on
let me click over so i can make sure it
focuses for at least a second here's the
art by the way
hate to see it
god i hate this
jesus
[__] why
yeah
fantastic art fantastic art really i
just uh
my relationship with this sword
oh i cut all the way down to the end of
the page
weber fan stabbed a few more bundles of
arrows into its soft skin never in its
life had the yao beast known such grief
it went mad with pain its serpentine
body flailing hard inside the shell
while its head thrashed the mire of
corpses also roiled and swirled and the
wave of putrid sludge almost engulfed
weiwu shan entirely
the shrine rule of slaughter widened
both hideously yellow eyes and opened
its jaws wide as if an intended to
swallow mountains and rivers in one gulp
oh come on i just looked away for a
second
to make sure
that everything was where it needed to
be
why would i be thrown this far off track
oh there we go
the mire of corpses slushed into its
mouth like a mighty flood
so happy i found that sentence
way washing struggled desperately
against the current grabbing the hilt of
an iron sword in his in his attempts his
mind went still and cold for a second
before those piercing whales and screams
filled his ears once more
the shrenmu of slaughter had already
sucked way wushun's body into its mouth
seeing the yao beast was about to chomp
down he grabbed the hilt of the iron
sword and repeated the same trick as
before jamming it between the beast's
upper and lower jaws
the innards of centuries old yao beasts
like this
like this one were normally very
corrosive if a human was swallowed
they'd instantly be dissolved into
nothing but smoke
weirshen firmly gripped the hilt of the
iron sword which wedged the creature's
jaws open the shred with slaughter
thrashed its head around for a while
unable to swallow the obstruction that
prevented it from closing its mouth but
still refusing to relax its bite and let
go
and finally at long last it charged out
of its shell
having grown feel fearful of being
stabbed by way we shine inside its shell
it did its utmost to squeeze its whole
body outside as if to escape and so the
tender flesh once concealed under scaly
armor was now exposed
len ji captioning not
the string available it to vibrate and
slice into the beast's flesh
under the combined efforts of the two
the yao beast couldn't either advance
nor retreat
being a malformed yao rather than a real
divine beast it had never been very
intelligent to begin with and now it was
completely mad with pain
it flailed its head and tail as it
barged violently around the black lake
raising mighty waves and thrashing
whirlpools into being
but no matter how much it rampaged
one youth that it could not bite nor
devour was firmly wedged in its mouth
and the other youth was strangling its
vital point with a bowstring cutting
into where its skin was thinnest inch by
inch the deeper it cut the more blood
gushed forth
len wangjii kept the string yanked tight
and taut not loosening his grip for a
single second
this went on
for six hours
after six hours
the schwein ru of slaughter finally
slowed and then its movement stopped
completely
the yao beast's neck was almost entirely
severed by lan wong ji's bowstring
having over exerted himself lenwang ji's
palms were also covered in wounds and
drenched in fresh blood the colossal
shell floated on the surface of the
black lake's waters which were now
visibly dyed purplish red
the coppery stench was so thick that the
scene seemed like a bloody punishment
arena from purgatory
lan wong ji jumped into the water and
swam to the beast's head the eyes of the
schwann woo of slaughter were still wide
open but its pupils had already glazed
over its jaw however was still tightly
clenched shut
wei ying lang 1g called out oh
we love a good wig ying
there was only silence from within the
yao beast's mouth
lan wengji thrust out his hands grabbing
the upper and lower rows of teeth in
order to force them apart with nowhere
for his feet to find purchase in the
water it took a while to pry the fangs
open he saw the hilt of an ink black
iron sword wedged inside the shoinu of
slaughter's mouth
both the tip of the sword and its hilt
were embedded deep in the beast's flesh
while the blade had been bent into an
ark weiwushan's body was curled up like
a shrimp his head was bowed both hands
still clutching tightly at the sword's
blunt blade he was on the verge of
sliding down the shrine of slaughter's
throat then wengji immediately grabbed
him by the collar and hauled him out the
moment the shred move of slaughter's
jaws opened wider the iron sword slipped
into the water and sank to the bottom of
the black lake
weiwoshan's eyes were shut tight as he
sprawled limply against lan wong ji one
arm draped around the ladder's shoulder
wrapping an arm around weiwu shen's
waist lanrung ji held him afloat in the
bloody water
oh another way two way eggs
his hands trembled but just as he was
about to touch way wushan's face he
jolted and suddenly came too
how'd it go how'd it go is it dead is it
dead
he was thrashing weakly as he spoke
causing the two of them to sink in the
process lan wengji tightened his hold
around weibu shan's waist
it is dead
weibushan gate weibuchin's gaze was
blank like he was having some difficulty
digesting the information
after thinking it over for a while he
exclaimed dead it's dead
good
it's dead it kept screaming earlier
screaming while it thrashed around and
knocked me out cold oh that's right the
tunnel the underwater tunnel let's get
out of here from the underwater tunnel
nine wong ji found his reaction odd
what is wrong
nothing way wishing regained his energy
let's get out now there's no time to
lose
indeed lenwengshi nodded i will carry
you
no need weibuchan started to protest but
lan wang ji's arm still encircled his
waist in an iron grip
and a tone that broke no argument he
ordered him
breathe in
navigating the depths in such a dazed
state was risky way wushan didn't like
to act tough so he simply nodded
we sure
ignoring how filthy the bloody water was
the two took deep breaths and dove under
sorry something popped up on the stream
and distracted me because i have 80d
and now it's going to take me a second
to find there we go
way wishing didn't like to act tough so
he's simply not eating after a while
they splashed through the surface of the
purplish red water once more way washand
sped out a mouthful of bloody water and
wiped his face which smeared it with the
purplish red and only made him look even
more unkempt
what's going on why is there no tunnel
entrance
zhang chung had said there was an
underwater tunnel at the bottom of the
black lake that could accommodate the
passage of five or six people at the
same time the other disciples had
escaped through that tunnel too we would
had initially thought that the entrance
was blocked by the schweinmu of
slaughter which was why they couldn't
find it however though the sean was
slaughter's corpse had already shifted
position there was still no underwater
tunnel to be found in the spot it once
occupied
wangji's hair dripped with water
we love a mental image
he gave no response the two exchanged a
look both having thought of a terrifying
possibility
perhaps while the schwann was slaughter
was frantically thrashing its limbs in
intense pain it had shaken the
underwater rocks loose or kicked
something subsequently causing the only
escape route to be
[Music]
blocked off
way wishing broke free from lan wang
ji's grasp and plunged beneath the water
then when she followed suit but even
after searching vigorously they found no
tunnel entrance
not even a gap narrow enough to let only
a single person through
what do we do way wishing asked then
wong she was silent for a moment then
replied
let us climb back ashore first
weiru shan waved his hand let's go
utterly exhausted the two swam
unhurriedly to shore
both were wholly died a bloody hue of
purplish red when they rose out of the
water way wushan took off his clothes
wrung them out and tripped them hard as
he cussed aloud are you kidding me i
only went all out because i thought we'd
have no chance at killing it if no one
came to our rescue but we actually
managed to off it only to have the son
of a bastard cave the tunnel in [__] me
i mean
oh
oh there was just a note about some
slang bastard yeah
len wang ji's brows twitched when he
heard the word [__] slip forth
he wanted to say something but held
himself back
weibushan swore up a storm as he shook
his clothes dry all of a sudden his legs
gave out and lang wang ji quickly
stepped forward to catch him like i know
what the land clan has about swearing
like i know like the rules and
everything which is obviously a part of
it but also
holding on to lang wong ji's arm for
support wait was shane assured him i'm
fine i'm fine i'm just out of strength
oh right lan jen did you see the sword i
was holding on to in its mouth where is
it
it sank to the bottom of the lake lan
wang ji replied why
sank way wushan replied
forget it then
when he'd gripped that sword a torrent
of earth-shattering screams had assailed
him without pause leaving him chilled
and disoriented the iron sword had to be
special in some way the shrine was
slaughter had consumed at least 5 000
people some of whom must have been alive
when they were dragged into its shell
the sword might have been left behind by
a cultivator who had been devoured
hidden inside the creature's shell for
at least 400 years buried in a mound of
corpses
it had surely been contaminated by the
resentment and agony of countless people
both dead and alive
soaking
in their screams
wanted to hang on to the sword so he
could get a good look at it but since it
had sunk and they were both trapped with
no way to get out he might as well not
bother they just wind up arguing
pointlessly again if he kept going on
about it and lan 1g started to suspect
his intentions
way we shouldn't wave dismissively and
thought nothing good ever happens
oh boy you wait
he dragged his feet as he shuffled
forward and lan wong ji quietly followed
behind him not two steps later
weibu shan's legs gave out again and lan
wong xi caught him again this time he
held a hand to his forehead after a
moment he said wei weighing you're
you're burning up
another waking
wei wushan plopped his head on lenwang's
forehead too so are you
then when she removed his hand and said
mildly
your hand is what is cold
i am a little dizzy weibuchen agreed
several days ago weiwu shan had tossed
all the crushed medicinal herbs in the
perfume sachet on the land wang ji's leg
he'd only wiped out his own burn from
the branding iron and hadn't rested well
over the past few days to top it all off
he'd been rummaging around in corpse
sludge in lake water his condition had
finally deteriorated from these various
assaults and he was now running a fever
weir shan pushed himself to walk until
he could no longer move his feet feeling
increasingly dizzy he sat down where he
was and puzzled over his situation
how did i get a fever so easily i
haven't had one in years
lenwengshi didn't feel like commenting
on these so easily remark
lie down he ordered
wei wushan complied and len wong ji took
his hand in his own to channel spiritual
power to him
we would lay there for a while before he
tried to sit up again lie still lang
wang ji chastised him
way beshan pulled his hand back there's
no need to channel anything to me you
don't even have much left yourself
lan wong ji caught his hand again
lie still he repeated
a few days ago len wong ji had been
drained of energy and subjected to huey
wushan's tormenting and teasing
now it was finally way washan's turn all
he could do was let
luan wong ji do as he wished but even
lying down he couldn't stand the quiet
it didn't take long before he started
whining
the ground's hard it's uncomfortable
what do you want len wong she asked to
lie somewhere else
where else do you want to lie at a time
like this
lend me your lap won't you
lan huang xi
was expressionless
stop fooling around
i'm serious the way wushan complained
i feel so dizzy and you're not a girl so
what does it matter
ah yes the loophole
the ultimate queer loophole
even so you cannot lie on me as you
please lan wong ji said
see
seeing him frown where did that yeah we
we shan pressed on i'm not fooling
around you're the one throwing a fuss i
can't take this lying down lanjan tell
me why
why what len wang she countered
with some difficulty lavishing rolled
over to ly prone on the ground
everyone says i'm annoying but secretly
likes me deep down but when it comes to
you why are you always giving me the
stink eye we've been through life and
death together and life and death
together but you aren't even willing to
lend me your lap to rest on and you want
to lecture me too what are you an old
man
your fever is making you delirious lan
wong ji said quietly
maybe that was indeed the case since way
wishian fell asleep a short while later
as he slept he felt rather comfortable
like he really was pillowed on someone's
lap and like there really was a
pleasantly cool hand resting on his
forehead
no one admonished him as he happily
rolled back and forth to his heart's
content when he rolled off and onto the
ground he could have sworn he felt
someone stroke his head before gathering
him up to continue resting upon
that lap
once he woke up
he was still lying on the ground though
there was now a pile of leaves
cushioning the back of his head which
made it a little more comfortable
clan wang ji sat far away from him
he had built a fire and the light gave
his face a warm gentle and refined
appearance like beautiful jade jesus we
keep comparing
lan wang ji's face
to jade
the mind reels as to why
just a dream like i thought way wushan
concluded
stupidly
it doesn't say stupidly in the book i
added that
trapped in the underground cave with
their escape routes severed the two
could only wait for the jain clan of
young mung to come to their rescue
holy god art
we'll get to that in a second
another two days passed in those two
days weibuchan burned with a low fever
alternating between consciousness and
unconsciousness
it was only thanks to lan wong ji
intermittently channeling spiritual
power to him that he was able to somehow
keep his content condition from
deteriorating further
oh
so bored the way we should unwind
i'm really so bored wait was shane
continued
it's too quiet why roshan persisted
oh
wavushank complained louder
i'm hungry way washand announced lanjan
get up and make me something to eat will
you give us some of that tortoise's meat
oh yeah that's really what you want to
be ingesting right now
never mind forget it the meat of a man
eating yow beast must stink you'd better
stay where you are
len jen why are you like this
why are you like this
so dull you have your mouth shut and
your eyes shut too
and you don't talk to me
or look at me
are you meditating the buddhist way are
you a monk
go
right your ancestor actually was a monk
i forgot
quiet
lan wong ji said you are still running a
fever
do not speak conserve your strength
you finally responded weiwu shan said
how many days have we been waiting why
hasn't anyone come to our rescue yet
it has not even been a single day lan
wong ji said
way we shan covered his face
why is this so hard to endure it must be
because i'm with you if only jang chung
was the one who'd stayed trading barbs
with him would be more fun than lying
around like this with you
chiang chung where the hell did you go
it's been almost seven days
len wang ji job to branch into the fire
with a force that gave off an unexpected
burst of sword aura embers erupted and
danced in the air
this art
look at this art
look at it
feast your eyes upon
that is the kind of art
that i signed up for yes
truly money's worth
rest he said frostily
still facing lenwang ji weishan curled
up like a shrimp again
are you for real i just woke up and you
tell me to rest
are you so against seeing me awake
withdrawing the branch lanmung she
replied with dignity
you are overthinking
nothing ever gets to him he's so
impervious to everything way wishing
thought not at all like he was a few
days ago face as dark as the bottom of a
pot full of temper biting when pushed
too hard but that side of lantern can
only be encountered by luck not sought
out i'll probably never have the chance
to see it again
i'm so bored we're rich and whined aloud
lanjan let's chat you start
when do you usually retire for rest then
wongjie asked
man your opening topic is so boring wait
was shan said it's so dry that i don't
feel like answering it at all
but i'll answer out of consideration for
you so here goes
i always sleep after show time back at
lotus peer i often stay up all night
such oh wow a word in english i'm not
sure about the pronunciation of
because i've only ever seen it it's one
of those things you've only ever seen
and written you've never had to
pronounce it
such
i'll profligacy to look that one up
a bad habit lan wong she commented
you think everyone is like your family
way wishing retorted
you need to rectify it lan wong ji said
wavy shan covered his ears
i'm sick i'm running a fever
oh
lana gaga
can you say something a little more
pleasant comfort pitiful little me
len wang she kept his mouth sealed and
said nothing
don't know how all right i knew it then
if you don't know how to talk can you
sing
will you sing me a song
he was just running his mouth to while
away the time prattling on and on he
never expected lan wang-ji to agree
but to his surprise after a moment's
silence a soft gentle voice started to
resonate through the spacious cave
lan wang ji was actually humming
huevusen closed his eyes and turned over
to stretch out his limbs
that sounds nice
then he asked
what's the name of that song
len wong ji seemed to murmur something
under his breath
wae wu shan opened his eyes
what was that again
end of the [__] chapter not even the
part the chapter we are now
in chapter 12
called sandu the three poisons that's
where we are that's what they do that's
that's untamed for you
yeah
it's also an absolutely perfect place to
stop for the day
once again we're getting real lucky this
time
it's just offering up
breaks
whenever we need them
jesus
oh and see first sentence chapter 12
part 1 he never did catch the name of
that song
i'm done i'm so done i'm so done with
her
i'm just so done with her
i just can't
i just can't i can't with her
uh
oh no you were just getting comfy
sorry echo
it just so happened it just so happened
to end up that way
so um i
have got to go
i have a lot of
editing backlog to get caught up on
right now
um
but i will be back
next tuesday
with chapter 12
at 3 p.m 3 to four
forty five since there's probably gonna
be breaks in the middle
um from now on
and um
yeah that was as that was just
beautifully rendered and as
absolutely ridiculous
and
just amazing
and wonderful
as i had wanted it to be with a couple
of extra bonus they couldn't do this in
the show things
on the side
i am very very satisfied i hate her but
i am tremendously satisfied
with how the cave scene was written out
so good
i will see you guys on tuesday
at three i hope you can make it thank
you for tuning in i hope you had a good
time let me know what you worked on for
this hour hour and a half uh down in the
comments or in the chat because i do go
back and read it uh homework art uh
project i don't know maybe you just had
tea pet your cat let me know
and i will see you on tuesday okay guys
you have a great weekend
please please please
take care of yourself
and i will see you next time